feat(prefer-wait-for): new rule prefer-wait-for (#88)
testing-library/eslint-plugin-testing-library: docs/rules/prefer-wait-for.md

# Use `waitFor` instead of deprecated wait methods (prefer-wait-for)

> Since dom-testing-library v7 new `waitFor` async util has been added. This new method satisfies the use cases of `wait`, `waitForElement`, and `waitForDomChange`, so those have been deprecated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`dom-testing-library` v7 released a new async util called `waitFor` which satisfies the use cases of `wait`, `waitForElement`, and `waitForDomChange` making them deprecated.
```

## Rule Details

This rule aims to use `waitFor` async util rather than previous deprecated ones.

> Deprecated wait async utils are:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Deprecated `wait` async utils are:
```

- `wait`
- `waitForElement`
- `waitForDomChange`

> > This rule will auto fix deprecated async utils for you, including necessary empty callback for `waitFor`. This means `wait();` will be replaced with `waitFor(() => {});`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> This rule will auto fix deprecated async utils for you, including the necessary empty callback for `waitFor`. This means `wait();` will be replaced with `waitFor(() => {});`
```

> > This rule will auto fix deprecated async utils for you, including the necessary empty callback for `waitFor`. This means `wait();` will be replaced with `waitFor(() => {});`

Reviewer 3: 💯

> Examples of **incorrect** code for this rule:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Examples of **correct** code for this rule:
```

```js
const foo = async () => {
  await wait();
  await wait(() => {});
  await waitForElement(() => {});
  await waitForDomChange();
  await waitForDomChange(mutationObserverOptions);

>   await waitForDomChange({ options: true });

Reviewer 2: I think it would be better to use a "real" config here 

```suggestion
  await waitForDomChange({ timeout: 100});
```

```

> Examples of **correct** code for this rule:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Examples of **incorrect** code for this rule:
```
